Dream Game

Boss token that you fight
Take turns rolling a D6 until it is dead
Roll of 1 is critical failure (lost health based upon sequential rolls)
Roll of 6 did 6 damage
Landing blow takes the boss token
You had a ton of gray tokens (20ish), red tokens (10ish), and blue tokens (8ish)
Tokens seems to be based upon what moves you could do, and your totally health.
You also had a draw pile
Players had oppertunities to retreat, but could have bad effects happen to them

Goal of the game was to get the most landing blows? It was competetive against your team, and you wanted to be the last one landing the blow in order to get the boss card.
Bosses had health ranging from 11 to 25
Bosses had a turn to deal damage
Bosses had special abilities
Players had special abilities
Players had different weapons (Sword, Magic, Crossbow, Telescope?)
And at some point we got attacked by a minon in a tank who told us not to take the creator's mouse


----------------------------------------------------

Real Game
Names:
Landing Blow for game name??
Critical Failure
--Kill Steal--

Strategies:
1) Just dick over your whole team, the whole time
2) Work together at first, then just dick over everyone on your team.
3) Figure out the best attacks and when to execute

Ideas:
-Needs to balance chance with stretgy
-Whoever gets the last hit, gets the victory. Everyone else gets nothing.
-Bosses should be hard, even for people working together.
-When you die, it depends on your current standing position (Ties mean that both levels will go to the player. For Example: A Two-Way tie for First will get the affects of both First and Second place, while the next player will get the affects of third place):
First Place) Lose half of your collected souls (Victory Points) (rounded down), or whatever puts you in last place (least of the two). Comes back Half-Health.
Second Place) Lose half of the cards in your hand. Comes back at Half-Health.
Third Place) 
Fourth Place) Trade Character and Cards with another player. Comes back at full health.
-When you die, you remain out for a full round, and come back at the start of your next turn. No actions can be performed on you until you come back to life.
-If full party is wiped out, then everyone loses.

Card Ideas
-Stumble: Player has a granteed critial failure
-Invunerbility: Can be used on any creature (includes boss, player, or self), that creature cannot be attacked nor can they attack for one full round
-Throwing Dagger: Does 1 Damage to Boss (Play anytime)
-And Stay Dead: Keep an ally dead for another full turn. Only works on players who currently have more souls than you.
